Let's now discuss the bar chart. A bar chart is a chart that shows
categorical data with rectangular bars with heights or lengths
proportional to the values that they represent.
It can be either vertical or horizontal.
I will create a bar chart to show the median sale
price for each zoning classification.
Let me rename this sheet to Bar Chart. Then in the visuals
types, I will click on vertical bar chart to change the
chart type to a bar chart. And, as you can see,
the field wells section has been enabled. In the X‑axis, I am
going to show the zoning classification,
and I do so by dragging and dropping the zoning classification
field in the X‑axis section, while in the Y‑axis or value, I am
going to put the median actual sale.
I will drag and drop the actual sale price in the value field. And I need
to change the aggregate type to median. Notice at the top of the
visualization, we have automatically generated title called Median of
Actual Sale Price by Zoning Classification,
which makes it easy for the user to understand the context of the visualization.
The very first interesting conclusion we can see that is the
village residential tends to be the most expensive, while the industrial and agriculture tends to be the least expensive.